INSTRUCTIONS: Fill out the following form and upload the form to your GITHub repository. 
Choose only one of the corresponding numbers in your answer for sections A-F.  
Answer the questions in section G in sentence form.
Please total your self-evaluation score at the bottom of the rubric.

A. Code Quality 
0 - Nothing - No submission
1 - Below Expectations - Code renders but the code is unreadable 
2 - Meets Expectations - Good formatting and uses naming conventions but can be improved
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Code is exceptionally clean and best practices are used
Your Answer: 3


B. Content 
0 - Nothing - No submission
1 - Below Expectations - Content not related to assignment or project
2 - Meets Expectations - Content is related to assignment or project and gets the point across
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Content is exceptionally detailed and well put together
Your Answer: 2


C. Layout / Organization 
0 - Nothing - No Submission
1 - Below Expectations - Long codes with no divisions or random code layout
2 - Meets Expectations - Code that is modular and divided into section declarations; subprograms
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Code is exceptionally well organized. 
Your Answer: 2


D. Comments/Commits 
0 - Nothing - No Submission
1 - Below Expectations - Excessive, unnecessary, and irrelevant remarks
2 - Meets Expectations - Comments identify authorship and code's intention
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Comments and documentation are clear succinct; wizardry points are explained
Your Answer: 2


E. Rendering 
0 - Nothing - Page does not load or render
1 - Below Expectations - Page renders, but has errors and/or has apparent design issues
2 - Meets Expectations - Page renders and produces no errors
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Page renders and displays properly for multiple screen sizes and browsers 
Your Answer: 3

F. Process
0 - Nothing - Project not attempted
1 - Below Expectations - code and documents not added to repository at correct times
2 - Meets Expectations - code published as website, milestones met
3 - Exceeds Expectations - all milestones accomplished, submissions organized, instructions carefully followed, steps thoroughly documented
Your Answer: 3


G. Self Evaluation Questions (half point each):

1. How much time did you spend on this assignment/project? ~64 hours

2. How difficult did you feel this project was? Easy, moderate, difficult? Difficult

3. What challenges did you come across while working on this project? 

The app is larger than I expected. It took me the most time from all the projects I have done this semester. The most difficult was to break the code into smaller units.  

4. What things would you like to learn more about after having worked on this assignment? How to handle responsive breakpoints with complicated components.

Total Score: 16



Summary: I have done as much as I can. I only developed pages I designed beforehand. I would do more pages, but I didn't have enough time. On the other hand, I have written a decent amount of code. I tried to implement the new recommended practice by 'forward' and 'use' and split most of the work into partials. I intend to use this project as my capstone. The whole project is preparation. 

I hadn't created any issues and closed it after the last milestone because I hadn't had much. So now, after this milestone, I have added issues I find the most significant to fix to GitHub Issues https://github.com/bouceka/nic-athletics-milestone/issues. Also, I know there are missing pages. I plan to design them over Christmas and finish them. I didn't want to make some pages to have them complete, but I would end up redoing them. I know there are many features missing, and I know about them. However, I hope the scope is sufficient for this project. 

Once you pull the repository, in nic-athletics-spa/backend, run command -> npm install -> npm run start. 
and in  nic-athletics-spa npm install -> npm run dev

If you forget to run the backend, it still should work. I implemented an exception that fetches backup mock data in case the connection fails. It is only for this assignment's purpose!
